readme.md, before:

# Personal Portfolio

<img width="945" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/76661350/193249886-79f3d04a-47c0-4b4b-93a6-23c32cf762f1.png">

### Deployed link: https://parthmittal.netlify.app/

## Table of Contents

1. [Tech Stack](https://github.com/mittal-parth/personal-portfolio/blob/main/readme.md#tech-stack)
2. [Installation Guide](https://github.com/mittal-parth/personal-portfolio/blob/main/readme.md#installation-guide) 
3. [References & Inspirations](https://github.com/mittal-parth/personal-portfolio/blob/main/readme.md#references--inspirations)
4. [Illustrations](https://github.com/mittal-parth/personal-portfolio/blob/main/readme.md#illustrations)
<br>

## Tech Stack

<li>Frameworks</li>
    <ul>
        <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank">ReactJS</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank">Tailwind CSS</a></li>
    </ul>
<li>Libraries/Tools</li>
    <ul>
        <li><a href="https://vitejs.dev/" target="_blank">ViteJS</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons" target="_blank">React Icons</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://www.framer.com/" target="_blank">Framer</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-lottie" target="_blank">React Lottie</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://merakiui.com/components/" target="_blank">Meraki UI</a></li>
    </ul>
</ul>
<br/>

## Installation Guide 

### Using Git and Github

- [Fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) the repo
- [Clone](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects#cloning-a-fork) the forked repository
- Enter the new `portfolio` directory with `cd portfolio`
- Set the upstream remote to the original repository url so that git knows where to fetch updates from in future: `git remote add upstream https://github.com/mittal-parth/personal-portfolio.git`

### Install required packages
- `npm install`

### Run server
- `npm run dev`

<br/>

## References & Inspirations
- [JavaScript Mastery](https://youtu.be/_oO4Qi5aVZs)
- [Developerfolio](https://developerfolio.js.org/)
- [MasterPortfolio](https://github.com/ashutosh1919/masterPortfolio)

## Illustrations
- [Coding Lottie](https://lottiefiles.com/90189-coding) by Yamesh Sai Balaji
- [Quiz Mode Lottie](https://lottiefiles.com/92377-quiz-mode) by SenecaDan

Commit message:

readme: add code of conduct

readme.md, after:

# Personal Portfolio

<img width="945" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/76661350/193249886-79f3d04a-47c0-4b4b-93a6-23c32cf762f1.png">

### Deployed link: https://parthmittal.netlify.app/

## Table of Contents

1. [Tech Stack](https://github.com/mittal-parth/personal-portfolio/blob/main/readme.md#tech-stack)
2. [Contributing](https://github.com/mittal-parth/personal-portfolio/blob/main/readme.md#contributing)
3. [Installation Guide](https://github.com/mittal-parth/personal-portfolio/blob/main/readme.md#installation-guide) 
4. [References & Inspirations](https://github.com/mittal-parth/personal-portfolio/blob/main/readme.md#references--inspirations)
5. [Illustrations](https://github.com/mittal-parth/personal-portfolio/blob/main/readme.md#illustrations)
<br>

## Tech Stack

<li>Frameworks</li>
    <ul>
        <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank">ReactJS</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank">Tailwind CSS</a></li>
    </ul>
<li>Libraries/Tools</li>
    <ul>
        <li><a href="https://vitejs.dev/" target="_blank">ViteJS</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons" target="_blank">React Icons</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://www.framer.com/" target="_blank">Framer</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-lottie" target="_blank">React Lottie</a></li>
        <li><a href="https://merakiui.com/components/" target="_blank">Meraki UI</a></li>
    </ul>
</ul>
<br/>

## Contributing

### Code Of Conduct

Please read and abide by our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/mittal-parth/personal-portfolio/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md); 
our community aspires to be a respectful place both during online and in-person interactions.

## Installation Guide 

### Using Git and Github

- [Fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) the repo
- [Clone](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects#cloning-a-fork) the forked repository
- Enter the new `portfolio` directory with `cd portfolio`
- Set the upstream remote to the original repository url so that git knows where to fetch updates from in future: `git remote add upstream https://github.com/mittal-parth/personal-portfolio.git`

### Install required packages
- `npm install`

### Run server
- `npm run dev`

<br/>

## References & Inspirations
- [JavaScript Mastery](https://youtu.be/_oO4Qi5aVZs)
- [Developerfolio](https://developerfolio.js.org/)
- [MasterPortfolio](https://github.com/ashutosh1919/masterPortfolio)

## Illustrations
- [Coding Lottie](https://lottiefiles.com/90189-coding) by Yamesh Sai Balaji
- [Quiz Mode Lottie](https://lottiefiles.com/92377-quiz-mode) by SenecaDan
